[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So object shortcuts.
This is probably one of my favorite
features and I always like trying to
figure out how I can use more of it,
just so I can do it because it's so fun.
So we can take advantage of method and
property shortcuts on object literals and
classes.
So up here you saw me
doing something like this.
And it's like making a function but
not really, that's a method shortcut.
So here's some more code because
it speaks better than I can.
So I say, var enable = true.
And then I have this object called config.
And I have a property called enable,
and I immediately put a comma after it.
And I had to do a key value pair, and
that's because in this same scope,
there's a variable with
the exact same name.
And because of that,
I don't have to put it twice.
I don't have to say enable, colon, enable.
It's just that.
That's all I have to do.
I don't have to do it twice because
it's the exact same name, all right?
Does that make sense?
It has to be the exact same name and
it has to be accessible from where
I'm defining this thing, right?
So if I go back here.
So if I say, const, and so you can see
what the output looks like, val = 2.
And then I say const ops = object, right?
And then I can just say val.
You see what it spits out on the right?
It's like, yeah, you want that val,
val: val, right?
That's what it did, it's pretty cool.
So this is where that this is where these
brackets really get confusing because
there's another feature in 6
that used the exact same thing.
And it looks just like that,
and it won't be the same thing.
In fact I'll just show you.
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Did you ever work with
the Babel guys?
>> Scott Moss: No,
I've never worked with the Babel guys.
So if I said that, and then I wanted
to do something called destructuring.
This is gonna break because I'm using
const, but I say const val = ops.
It's like the opposite of what's above it,
but it's a completely different thing.
That's called the destructuring.
We'll talk about that later.
Yeah, so it's really confusing.
This is definitely an object and
this is not, but
it's the exact same thing, so.
>> Speaker 4: So is the key differentiator
there between the syntaxes that the
destructuring is on the left hand side of
an equals sign versus on the- [CROSSTALK]
>> Scott Moss: Exactly,
that's the key, yeah.
It's on the left hand side, yep.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: Left hand side
is definitely destructuring.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
that's one shortcut.
Same variable name and
then accessible scope,
you can just bypass the key value
pairs but the key followed by comma.
Good practice is to put those at
the top of your object literal.
So they just look cleaner that way.
And then the next one
is the method shortcut.
So just like in a class, if we wanted to
find a method, we can just say the name of
the method followed by parentheses
like we were executing the function,
and then just make our brackets and
then go ahead and define.
That's all we gotta do.
That's it.
So the only difference doing,
well I'm gonna tell you more about it, but
the only different between this method
here and this object, and this method here
in the class, inside of a class we don't
have the comma separate our methods.
We only need commas underneath them.
In an object, it's still an object,
you still need commas, so remember that.
Always have to put commas after our stuff.
So what that looks like
is something like this.
So now we have val, right, and
then we'll put a comma there, and
then we'll say, action,
and then we'll do that.
You see it creates a function
called action over there.
It also keeps the same context.
It's like doing function binding.
So it'll keep the same this
on the outside, inside.
It's like doing .bind on this thing,
all right?
It's the same as this other feature
that we're gonna talk about
loosely because I kind of want
you guys to explore a little bit.
It's the arrow functions.
If you use CoffeeScript,
you know about arrow functions, right?
So if I say var,
later = a function, right?
You have a function and
you'll do something.
Well I could just get rid of
that function keyword and
I can put this arrow underneath it.
>> Speaker 5: It's a fat arrow?
>> Scott Moss: It's a fat arrow.
There are no skinny arrows, yeah.
And then it's the same thing.
Except it keeps the scope of this.
>> Speaker 6: And
so do method shortcuts.
>> Scott Moss: And so
do method shortcuts, yes.
Cool, so things to remember when using
method shortcuts the outside context
is kept, just like .bind.
When using method shortcuts
on object literals,
you must still, not stull, you must still
obey the common rule with objects and
you don't have to with classes.
So are things to remember.
Cool, any questions on this stuff?
Yes.
>> Speaker 4: There's a question from
Felix L online.
What about the scope collision
when using this method shortcut?
>> Scott Moss: Scope collision.
>> Speaker 4: I think he means
if you already had an action
defined in this scope.
>> Scott Moss: This is fine.
This is this is an action property on ops,
so it's encapsulated.
So if I had action.
>> Scott Moss: It's still fine.
Yeah, what I meant by
keeping the same context,
I mean if I were to count on a log.
Let me get a good example, hold on.
So if I had a function.
Let's say let.
I will use action again.
Write a function and
it returns an object and it had run.
And I'll write console.log this.
>> Scott Moss: Right?
What I'm saying is it will
keep the outside context.
Whereas if I didn't do this, it wouldn't.
Just like with set timeouts.
If I said setTimeout which is
a common one that people do.
Do setTimeout.
And then you'll have,
normally you'll do something like this,
you'll have your function here
>> Scott Moss: And then you'll come
down here and you're like .bind this, and
then you'll do some stuff in here, right?
Well now you don't have to do that.
You can just get rid of this and use that.
And now this.
>> Scott Moss: Is whatever it
was.
>> Speaker 7: Can you show what
it was before?
Just anonymous function?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
before it was just an anonymous function.
>> Scott Moss: In this case, and
this is undefined, in this environment
this repo was nothing here.
They both will be the window either way
because I'm on the global scope but,
yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 8: So this is more just of
a JavaScript question, but
when is that instantiated?
When does it create a new this?
>> Scott Moss: When does
it create a new this?
So there's a lot of rules.
So what happens to create a new this.
One is like, so this is created
when a scope is executed, right?
So on functional execution,
this is created under scope.
So that's a this.
And then when you use a method,
whatever's to the left of the dot
is gonna be this, all right?
So those are the two cases
when this is gonna be made.
So whenever I make a, so
I have a function called action, right?
I'm just defining it.
I didn't create a scope yet,
but as soon as I do this,
now there's a new this inside of action.
>> Speaker 8: Gotcha.
>> Students: You see what I mean?
>> Speaker 8: Mm-hm.